[Music]
hi welcome to another episode of family
cookie with me Cassidy from good food
and staying on joy by Florence my
daughter say hello
today we're going to show you how to
make vegetarian fajitas
[Music]
so to make a vegetarian fajitas you're
going to need a red and orange pepper a
red onion a couple of garlic cloves an
avocado a lime some coriander some
ground cumin and smoked paprika some
wraps black beans or you could use
kidney beans and some sour cream to
serve so the first job is to pair the
vegetables I'm going to slice the
peppers and onion and crush the garlic
[Applause]
[Music]
so I've sliced the peppers nice and
thinly and I'm just going to chop the
onion into slim wedges
[Music]
so we've chopped up all our 34 our 4
meters and we're making vegetarian
fajitas today and adding some protein
lovely making vegetarian meters today
and sometimes we make them with chicken
or prawns or salmon even but we also
really like them just with the
vegetables I'm losing beans to add some
protein but so you could if you want to
fry up some meat or fish to go with it
but we just kind of stick to the veggies
today cuz we like I bet you don't me so
I've just heats a few tablespoons of oil
in a large frying pan and I'm clicking
off the peppers and onions just for a
few minutes until they start to soften
any once it's stopped showering in
places and taking on some nice and smoky
flavors so now we're ready to add our
garlic another
[Music]
okay ready
sweep it okay sweep into the basement
[Music]
okay
lime juice image beans
straight
[Music]
okay let's put the coriander in your cup
and you can chop that up business is
this ready make sure you take your
fingers out of the way good girl
hold a couple hands okay so we nearly
ready to serve so Lawrence its chopping
up some coriander in a cart and I'm just
going to slice them up Ricardo to serve
in our wraps and then we will heat up
the wraps and we're ready to go
great job lovely finger big guy
I'll do this one our beans are smelling
lovely so I'm just going to add a little
pinch of salt and we're ready to serve
okay so now we're ready to assemble our
fajitas so I'm going to spread a little
bit sour cream and the bottom top of
those lovely beans and peppers
and add a card a little bit coriander
and I like to add a final squeeze of
lime juice wrap it up and tuck in so
that's how you make our vegetarian
pizzas you can find the recipe on the
BBC good food website really hope you
love the recipe show your pictures if
you make them and hashtag us at BCC eat
good food
[Music]